NARRATOR
Continuing their journey
to Cyllage City
where Ash's next Kalos
Gym battle will take place
our heroes have just arrived
in Camphrier Town.
[panting]
[chuckles]
So this is Camphrier Town.
The town map says it's a place
where you can taste the ages!
What does taste the ages mean?
It means the town
has a wealth of history
with a lot of old buildings
still standing.
SNORLAX
[SNORING]
Oh! So loud!
‐ Oh, my ears!
‐ What a terrible noise!
Yeah. I wonder what it is!
[WORRIED]
‐ Huh?
‐ That's weird. It stopped.
‐ What a relief.
‐ Huh?
Hi. E‐excuse me, but what was
that awful sound just now?
‐ Uh..
‐ Huh?
‐ Excuse me.
‐ Ah, I'm sorry.
‐ Just one second.
‐ Oh..
I was wondering if you knew
what that terrible noise
was just now.
Oh, that noise. Follow me.
‐ Hm?
‐ Huh?
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
AWAKENING THE SLEEPING GIANT!
[indistinct chatter]
Look, over there!
[SNORING]
Snorlax?
[SURPRISED]
Never seen one before!
Hm.
Snorlax, the Sleeping Pokémon.
'After eating its fill,
Snorlax is too sleepy to move.'
'Small children
sometimes play on its belly.'
I'm certain that the sound
you heard was Snorlax snoring.
But why is it sleeping
right in the center of town?
This town and Snorlax
have always had
a symbiotic relationship.
Symbiotic?
She means
they help each other out.
Right!
WOMAN #1
Every year about this time
Snorlax comes down
from the mountaintop
to eat up all the crop roots
that are left over
after we've finished
our harvest.
SERENA
Wait. Isn't that a bad thing?
WOMAN #1
Not at all!
In fact, as Snorlax
digs up the roots
it plows the fields
which gives us a good harvest
the next year.
ASH
Wow!
WOMAN #1
Then when Snorlax
is almost finished eating
we have a harvest festival
as a way of showing Snorlax
our gratitude
for its help.
At the close of
the festival
the lord of Shabboneau Castle
plays thePokéFlute
while Snorlax finishes up
the town's offerings.
And then it dances
all the way back up
to its mountaintop home.
Does that mean the festival
hasn't happened yet?
‐ You see..
‐ 'Wake up!'
Come on, wake up!
[SNORING]
We wanna see you dance,
so please wake up, Snorlax!
The town is all ready
for the festival to begin
but the way things are,
there's no way we'll be able to.
'We have a big problem that's
keeping Snorlax from waking up.'
What's the big problem?
The lord of Shabboneau Castle
who plays the flute
to wake Snorlax
flatly refuses to come
to this year's festival!
SNORLAX
[SNORING]
[all screaming]
SNORLAX
[SNORING]
Ow! Stop!
It feels like
my ears are gonna burst!
[chuckles]
I'd say this is my cue
to step in and help
which means the future is now,
thanks to science!
ALL
Huh?
'I have the perfect device
for this situation.'
Clemontic Gear on!
'I invented it to help Bonnie
get out of bed'
'because she takes forever!'
'It's the
Bonnie Out Of Bed‐omatic!'
What?
That thing's gonna
wake up Snorlax?
CLEMONT
'Indeed! Cranking the volume
as far as it will go.'
Now make sure your ears
are all covered!
And go!
Morning, ring, ring, ring!
[SNORING]
Ring, ring, ring!
Ring, ring, ring..
[SNORING]
Stop! Quiet, both of you!
Something's clearly wrong!
[explosion]
I don't think it worked.
But I'm sure that explosion was
loud enough to wake Snorlax up.
[SNORING]
‐ I don't think so.
‐ Just get up already!
[sighs]
What do you think's gonna happen
if Snorlax doesn't wake up?
Nobody will get any sleep
and we'll all be a wreck.
Maybe if Nurse Joy took Snorlax
in at the Pokémon Center‐‐
Perhaps, maybe we could
ask Officer Jenny.
People are having a hard time,
but I feel bad for Snorlax, too.
We've got to help Snorlax out
before it gets in more trouble.
‐ I can't leave it like this.
‐ Yeah!
It seems the only way
it'll wake it up
is if the lord
of Shabboneau Castle
plays the Poké Flute.
So why don't we just ask
the lord of Shabboneau Castle
to come help us out?
WOMAN #1
'The townspeople have asked'
'Lord Shabboneau several times'
but he always seems to have
an excuse for why he can't.
Then I'll go
to Shabboneau Castle myself!
‐ Huh? You will?
‐ He'll say yes!
If I tell him what's going on
I'm sure he'll play the flute
for Snorlax.
‐ Yeah!
‐ Ash is right.
[EXCITED]
ASH
'Hello?'
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
Hello there, how can I help
you young people out
on this fine afternoon?
We'd like to talk
to Lord Shabboneau
for all the people
who live down in Camphrier Town.
Well, you certainly
have traveled a long way.
So please, come in.
[instrumental music]
Presenting the master
of this castle, Lord Shabboneau.
Shabboneau, bonne, bonne!
So tell me, what brings you
to my castle home? Um..
We need your help!
Please play the flute
at this year's harvest festival
like you've always done!
Um, uh, that is not
up for discussion.
Please, sir, come back!
Snorlax is asleep in the center
of town and won't wake up!
We need you to play
the Poké Flute.
‐ Oh, pretty please!
‐ Mm..
I would if I could,
but no, can't do.
I'm allergic to the flute now
so when I play, I then
break out in hives! Boo‐hoo..
So if you can't play,
then just lend us your flute.
I've also developed
such an acute fear of flutes
that just looking at it
scared me
so I'm afraid I threw it away!
‐ Huh?
‐ Threw it away?
Lord Shabboneau, I understand
you're saying all of this
to protect your family name,
but I'm certain
you'll regret
lying to these children later.
So perhaps you should
just tell the truth.
W‐what to do? Oh, dear.
Alright, here's the truth.
The Poké Flute was in my castle
at one time, not now.
‐ Well, what happened to it?
‐ Did somebody break it?
‐ 'No, nothing like that.'
‐ Ah..
‐ That's good.
‐ So what happened?
I'm afraid she just grabbed it.
[all gasping]
SHABBONEAU
Princess Allie
from Parfum Palace
located in the next town
visited my castle.
She exclaimed, "Oh‐ho‐ho!
This Pok Flute is so pretty!"
and took it
home with her.
Wait. So you just allowed
the princess to take it?
You see, once Princess Allie
makes up her mind
it's impossible
to get her to change it.
‐ He's right.
‐ 'And you're okay with that?'
SERENA
'It's a family heirloom?
Sadly, it is.
Princess Allie's father's
been kind to me
'so I couldn't
put my foot down.'
Well, you can count on me
to get it back from her!
No doubt! Then you'll be able
to play it at the festival!
Splendid! I'd be delighted to
perform at the harvest festival.
‐ 'Okay, let's go!'
‐ 'Right!'
'Why don't we wait for them
in Camphrier Town?'
MAN #1
'As you wish.'
Did you get a load
of that crazy scene?
It sounds to me like
that Poké Flute
has control over Snorlax.
If that flute
can control Snorlax
then catching Pikachu
will be a piece of cake.
JAMES
We could build the Boss
a bodacious bombastic band
of Snorlax!
JESSE If we do that,
Team Rocket will
dare I say,
rule the world!
MEOWTH
And there's a promotion for us
in there somewhere!
JESSE
'No time to waste.'
TEAM ROCKET
Let's make haste!
CLEMONT
I'd say this hedge
is part of Parfum Palace.
Bonnie, what are you doing?
I think we can sneak in
right through here!
[all gasping]
SERENA
'What a giant garden!'
BONNIE
I wouldn't wanna mow the lawn.
[BARKING]
[all gasping]
Huh? Who's that Pokémon?
You know that one.
It's a Furfrou.
Ah! That's a Furfrou, too?
ALLIE
'Furfrou, stop at once!'
[Allie laughing]
Furfrou dear, you shouldn't be
playing with all this trash.
‐ It'll give you a tummy ache.
‐ Hey, you calling us trash?
Uh, might you be Princess Allie?
[Allie laughing]
Indeed, I am Princess Allie.
‐ Parfum Palace is my home.
‐ So lovely!
Wow, you're a real princess?
And getting the flute back
might not be so easy.
Please, Princess Allie, give us
the Poké Flute back, alright?
‐ Not going to happen.
‐ But why not?
Because my things are my things
and things that were given to me
are my things as well
so the Poké Flute is one
of my things and it's all mine!
[laughing]
She's weird.
She's awful
and she's selfish, too!
The town won't be able
to have the harvest festival
without the flute.
And Snorlax is snoring so loudly
that the townspeople
can't get any sleep!
If so, they should just
go to their seaside villas
and take a little nappy‐poo.
[laughing]
Uh, at this rate
the townspeople are gonna
end up hating Snorlax.
I can't let that happen.
[AGREEMENT]
Oh?
[SURPRISED]
Hm, hm..
Would this Pikachu
belong to you?
Yeah. My partner.
Every Pikachu has different
size cheeks than other Pikachu.
'Yours has
perfectly‐sized cheeks'
'and the roundness and redness
are just right.'
'Splendid!'
[HAPPY]
[PAINED]
Such a splendid and rare Pikachu
is unworthy of you
so I'll graciously accept it
and treasure it
like an heirloom.
Huh? No way!
Pikachu's my buddy
and that's the end of that!
Hm..
‐ Bring them out.
‐ Ma'am.
[all gasping]
ALLIE
'What if I gave you
all of these treasures'
'for Pikachu?'
‐ That's crazy!
‐ You're out of your mind!
Hm..
Hey. Hm.
If I recall, you want
the Poké Flute, correct?
Yeah! Will you give it back?
Let's have a battle.
Furfrou versus Pikachu.
Huh?
I suggest that we bet
the Poké Flute and Pikachu!
No way!
How could you do
such an awful thing?
‐ Ew!
‐ We can forget it.
But I'm warning you that
this is your one and only chance
to get your hands on that flute.
Oh, man.
[ANGRY]
[EXERTION]
Pikachu,
you'll go through with it?
[EXERTION]
Hm..
It's a deal! You're on!
Excellent.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Snorlax!
[EXERTION]
Alright, if I win, you're gonna
return that Poké Flute!
Enough talk, let us begin!
Pikachu versus Furfrou
in a one‐on‐one battle!
The battle will be over
when either Pokémon
is unable to continue. Agreed?
‐ Okay!
‐ That's fine with me.
Alright, battle begin!
Okay, Pikachu, use Quick Attack!
This should be easy, Furfrou!
[laughs]
[EXERTION]
[QUICK MOVE]
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
[chuckling]
Look out! Behind you!
[EXERTION]
Pikachu, Iron Tail, let's go!
And now, Furfrou, use Bite!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
Pikachu, are you okay?
[AGREEMENT]
Nice, but that's about
as far as you'll get.
'Let us scatter
the rose's glorious bloom'
with style and grace!
Furfrou, use Charge Beam!
[CHARGE BEAM MOVE]
Pikachu, counter it
with Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Now use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
No! How dare you do that
to my Furfrou?
‐ Furfrou's got a new hairdo!
‐ Great job, Pikachu!
Take Furfrou
to the groomer right away!
As you wish, ma'am.
[PAINED]
Hold on. What about our battle?
Princess Allie,
are you forfeiting?
It can't be helped!
My Furfrou can't battle
looking so atrocious!
So that would mean a forfeit
and Pikachu's the winner!
Alright! We did it, buddy!
[EXCITED]
Now it's time for you
to give Lord Shabboneau's
Poké Flute back!
I will not return anything
since I lost.
[SHOCKED]
That wasn't the deal we made!
[ANGRY]
Ha, if you were listening,
the only thing I said was
that we would be betting
the Poké Flute and Pikachu
in our battle, and nothing more!
'After I beat you, I was going
to give you the Poké flute'
'but since you're the winner,
I insist'
'that you hand over Pikachu
to me this instant!'
‐ Huh.
‐ What kind of bet is that?
‐ Really!
‐ It makes no sense!
[AGREEMENT]
Ha, well,
I'm the princess of this palace
and that means
I make all the rules.
‐ Something wrong?
‐ Your unscientific selfishness
might be tolerated
at your palace
but not out in the real world.
We refuse
your ridiculous demands!
Ash battled against you
even if it meant
putting his precious partner
on the line!
'Of course, he trusted'
'that you'd give up the flute
if he won!'
If you insist
on acting so selfishly
I'm afraid you're not going
to have any friends left. Huh?
I think you're being
a little too harsh.
You didn't have to yell at her
like that.
But somebody needed
to tell her the truth!
[sobbing]
It's alright.
You scolded me
with much sincerity.
That means
you must care about me
a great deal, don't you?
I what? Huh?
I truly understand.
There's no need for words.
‐ You don't understand.
‐ I don't?
Hm. Hm.
I suppose you can
have the Poké Flute back.
‐ Huh?
‐ 'Under one condition.'
‐ I'm not giving you Pikachu!
‐ In exchange for the Poké Flute
I insist that you leave
this one with me.
[screams]
You want me to stay?
[all gasping]
[whispering]
‐ Do you think so?
‐ Yeah.
You can have my brother
if you want him!
Bonnie, how could you
tell her that?
Alright. It's settled.
Ma'am.
Now please give them
the Poké Flute.
Here. It's yours.
You have your precious
Poké Flute now.
‐ Thank you!
‐ We got to go.
Have a good time, big brother!
Uh, but, you guys..
After we wake up Snorlax
we'll come back.
Just hang in there for a while.
‐ But, Ash, help me.
‐ Don't worry. It'll be fine.
[groans]
Um, are you really
sure about this?
[chuckling]
Everything will be fine,
Clemont.
Congratulations, princess.
Take good care
of my brother, okay?
Guys, please don't go!
Don't leave me!
[SNORING]
Hm..
‐ 'Lord Shabboneau!'
‐ Huh?
[panting]
‐ 'Ah, they're back!'
‐ It's true!
And with the Poké Flute!
[panting]
We got it back
just like we promised.
ASH
'Now please play it!'
Yes.
‐ My flute! What's going on?
‐ Huh?
[all screaming]
Lord Shabboneau!
[WORRIED]
[groaning]
[all sighing]
ASH
'Ah.'
Oh, I should have known
it was you!
Prepare for trouble,
you don't know much.
And make it double,
you're so out of touch.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of a Twerp with a flute.
We extend our reach,
then the problem is moot.
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now
or prepare for a musical fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Perfect‐o.
The flute that controls Snorlax
controls the world!
Yeah, and that's the name
of that tune!
I'm the only one
who can play that flute!
We'll see about that.
We'll give it a test run
and play a few riffs!
Oh, no! Don't do it!
Your Highness doth protest
too much, methinks.
Play us a tune, maestro!
C sharp or B flat?
My ears! Boo‐hoo..
[all gasping]
I think you need
to take lessons!
For the next 500 years!
[ANGRY]
And I tried to tell you
nobody can play it but me.
[ANGRY]
[indistinct chatter]
Snorlax woke up!
And that awful noise
put Snorlax in a bad mood!
[ANGRY]
[EXERTION]
Hm. You see that?
Hats off, folks, I'm a genius!
Alright, Snorlax, obey me!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[ANGRY]
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
I blew it!
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Lord Shabboneau, your flute!
‐ Thanks! I'll play!
[flute music]
[HAPPY]
Look, and here comes Snorlax!
Wow! Look at Snorlax go!
Thanks so much for all your help
again this year!
Yay! Snorlax, go!
[YAWNS]
What a relief.
[indistinct chatter]
SNORLAX
[HAPPY]
Everything worked out just fine.
Isn't it great, buddy?
[AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR
The Poké Flute
has been returned
to its rightful owners
and the bond between Snorlax
and the townspeople
is even stronger,
thanks to our heroes
Ash, Pikachu,
Serena and Bonnie.
Um, aren't we forgetting
something?
‐ Huh?
‐ What?
[screaming]
‐ Clemont!
‐ Oh?
CLEMONT
'Bonnie!'
‐ Huh?
‐ You guys!
[panting]
‐ 'Clemont?'
‐ Oh, it was horrible.
What happened
to all of your clothes?
Oh, I can't look!
So how did you get out of there?
Ah, it's all thanks to science.
[all gasping]
ALLIE
'Clemont!'
Clemont!
Everything is all prepared
for the fireworks festival.
'Clemont, are you listening?'
Thank you for your concern.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I'll be on my way.
[screaming]
What is this?
Clemont tricked me!
And I refuse to be tricked!
[explosion]
[coughs]
Oh..
‐ Look, fireworks!
‐ Ah..
Beautiful!
NARRATOR
As I was saying
the Poké Flute
was returned
to its royal
rightful owner
and the bond between Snorlax
and the townspeople
is intact
and stronger than ever
as the journey continues.
[theme music]
[music continues]